.\" **************************************************************************
.\" *                                  _   _ ____  _
.\" *  Project                     ___| | | |  _ \| |
.\" *                             / __| | | | |_) | |
.\" *                            | (__| |_| |  _ <| |___
.\" *                             \___|\___/|_| \_\_____|
.\" *
.\" * Copyright (C) 1998 - 2019, Daniel Stenberg, <daniel@haxx.se>, et al.
.\" *
.\" * This software is licensed as described in the file COPYING, which
.\" * you should have received as part of this distribution. The terms
.\" * are also available at https://curl.haxx.se/docs/copyright.html.
.\" *
.\" * You may opt to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute and/or sell
.\" * copies of the Software, and permit persons to whom the Software is
.\" * furnished to do so, under the terms of the COPYING file.
.\" *
.\" * This software is distributed on an "AS IS" basis, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY
.\" * KIND, either express or implied.
.\" *
.\" **************************************************************************
.\"
.TH CURLMOPT_ENABLE_UNBLOCK 3 "17 Nov 2019" "libcurl 7.68.0" "curl_multi_setopt options"
.SH NAME
CURLMOPT_ENABLE_UNBLOCK \- enable using curl_multi_unblock()
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
#include <curl/curl.h>

CURLMcode curl_multi_setopt(CURLM *handle, CURLMOPT_ENABLE_UNBLOCK, long enable);
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
Pass a long. Set \fBenable\fP to 1 to enable using curl_multi_unblock().
Only use this if unblock functionality is needed, as it will use two
additional file descriptors and has a small performance penalty.

Set to 0 to disable the unblock functionality (default behavior).
.SH DEFAULT
0
.SH PROTOCOLS
All
.SH EXAMPLE
.nf
  CURLM *m = curl_multi_init();
  /* enable curl_multi_unblock() */
  curl_multi_setopt(m, CURLMOPT_ENABLE_UNBLOCK, 1L);
.fi
.SH AVAILABILITY
Added in 7.68.0
.SH RETURN VALUE
Returns CURLM_OK if the option is supported and its initialization succeeded,
CURLM_UNBLOCK_FAILURE if it failed, and CURLM_UNKNOWN_OPTION if it is not supported.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR curl_multi_unblock "(3) ,"
